on a typical short tour. It depends on the number of hours you work. Depends
on what you're doing. I I worked probably 50 hours a week on
average, but I'm specifically inserting the term average there because
some weeks I was low if no one was in town training, but folks were
in town training required a lot of a lot of effort. 12 14 hour days
sometimes. Um, and a deployable squadron, if you are not deployed
again, depends on what you're doing. Uh, 10 hour days, pretty normal.
Uh, if you're flying and you have a lot of qualifications and therefore
a lot of demands on your life, then professional is what I mean.
Then you could work 12 hour days Easy. If you are a Tse and I say
this without any tongue and cheek, you're on duty 24 hours a day.
As a junior officer, you you are not the demands when you're not terribly
high. Um, specifically at at sea eso it Doesn't Ellen say unnecessary?
Feels like you're on duty 24 hours a day. But again, as you
move up in the ranks when everybody seems to need your attention, you
know you'll get woken up at all hours the night for them, too, because
someone needs you to do something or make a decision about something.
So it's That's why I will make a blanket statement that you're
on duty 24 hours a day while under while under way in the aviation
community. The saving grace is that you are if you're gonna be flying,
you are required to have at least eight hours available of uninterrupted
sleep, which is not the same in other communities. So that
did help point of it.